hello very good everyone here at church
it's the same is a new video a new
informative video of gta 5 is worth all
you know that with the dlc then only do
done and good as you are seeing now
same is a screen is a screenshot
of the video that I am going to show you now
ok I'll go cutting between image and
video so I do not skip that you can
I skip the copyright that I do not believe but
but good in case I'm living
this image and the videos are worth and good
I wanted to tell you that a kid I already know
these videos because they have four or five
days already uploaded but has not given me
time to do it before and good as
You are watching a kid, he hacked his
playstation 3 and was able to access some
functions like that kid the creator of
content and how are you seeing then we
gives many options how to put weapons
where we want for who we want the
gun type shotguns
the smn sniper bullets you can put
bullets also vehicle and good the truth
is that you can greatly expand the field of
game of which we play at gta five
those of us who like online gta are worth it
what good news from
rub as they will be updating the
I play the truth that that thanks and
a lot for those of us who like the gta
online and well let's go see there
you can also put vehicles
own that I do not know what you mean blogs
but I think they will be obstacles or something or
something like that I do not know yet and good
Well, this means that if this
kid has been able to access this is that
the tlc has to be close so
well we 'll see and we'll see what
they bring us more the dlc at the moment
we have the content creator is worth
we could create matches with our
friends and others and good as for a
I think I'm going to
that I'm going to form now then what
I will comment at the end of the video so that you
unáis and others but hey I wanted to comment
this the truth is that it seems very
well that they add of lc and above free
and well I hope they are free for
the gta online and good the truth is that
it's rock star I wanted to form as a between
quotes a ballet and paul walker but
as gta is worth an open world where the
people can do many things us the
freedom to do what we want and the
true that that could be very good
it's a shame that they do not throw it for the
new generation but good thanks
by that of ross it is fine
I applaud you not like other companies like
for example activision or what do you do
charge 20 euros for four maps of
shit but not this face looks that
they have their work they have quality it
curran and the truth that is very much appreciated
as I said and good about the
another issue that I wanted to deal with today apart
of this ballet tell me what comment
you think about the tlc that you think
will bring what you think
you think they should add something new that
I will go to cheney, commenting everything in the drawer
of comments alessio leaves google +
clear but good in the other topic was
about the i think i'm going to create for xbox
360 ok I have 360 ​​team I do not have
Playstation 3
so I'll create a I think to play between
we are worth it because the other video
that I climbed from the fisherman 's craving
he says a lot that he did one I think so
I created it is called the creu
Chechen does not have much history
name valero I do not like the head for
create it the truth but but well there the
you have united it is worth sending me request
to join or if I will accept very
kindly so good I hope that you
like the images that you are seeing the
it's true that it can be very fun
can be pretty cool and also if
I eat the coconut doing your mission appointments
can be very cool so good
I hope you liked the video a
like and a favorite would help a lot and
see you next goodbye
[Music]